Update SCIM Okta setup instructions (#8900)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/cloud/manage-access/scim-okta.md

## Set up Okta

> 1. Log in to your Okta account and select **Applications** from the sidebar. Find the active app configured for the <Constant name="dbt" /> SSO integration and click on it. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Log in to your Okta account and select **Applications** from the sidebar. Open the application you configured for SSO. 
```

2. Click on the app and navigate to the **General** tab.
3. In **App Settings**, click **Edit** and make sure you check the **SCIM** checkbox on the **Provisioning** row to enable SCIM provisioning. 

> 4. Click **Save** and the **Provisioning** tab will now be visible.

Reviewer: Hiya Mirna

As a non-block suggestion, you could make steps 3 and 4 tighter / combined for readability - e.g

"In **App Settings**, click **Edit**, enable SCIM provisioning for the app, then click **Save**."

Author: ah good shout! i like the idea but when you go through the scim flow, i wanted to let users know that the tab then becomes visible once they click save so i don't want to make that section a standalone step or sentence. i can see if i can work it out

    <Lightbox src="/img/docs/dbt-cloud/access-control/scim-provisioned.png" width="80%" title="Enable SCIM provisioning in Okta." />
5. Open the **Provisioning** tab and select **Integration**.

> 6. Click **Edit** and enter the **SCIM base URL** from [Set up SCIM](/docs/cloud/manage-access/scim#set-up-dbt) in the first field, then enter your preferred **Unique identifier field for users** &mdash; we recommend `userName`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Click **Edit** and enter the **SCIM base URL** from [Set up SCIM](/docs/cloud/manage-access/scim#set-up-dbt) in the first field. For **Unique identifier field for users**, we recommend `userName`.
```

> 7. Select the boxes for the following **Supported provisioning actions**:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Under **Supported provisioning actions**, select:
```

    - **Push New Users**
    - **Push Profile Updates**
    - **Push Groups**

>     - **Import New Users and Profile Updates** (Optional for users created before SSO/SCIM setup)

Author: ```suggestion
    - **Import New Users and Profile Updates** (Optional for users created before SSO/SCIM setup)
    - **Import Groups** (Optional)
```

Author: pending Lana's answer

>     - **Import New Users and Profile Updates** (Optional for users created before SSO/SCIM setup)

Reviewer: Hiya Mirna

The image below also captures "Import Groups" which also appears to be optional. As the doc advises "Import New Users and Profile Updates" is optional, would it be a good idea to do this for "Import Groups"?

Author: ah yea, this wasn't part of the PR scope but i can add it in. since this section is specifically about selecting what the user needs or would be helpful to select, i don't know if we even need to mention the import groups. i'd defer to @Lana-hl for that since she's helping users. but happy to add it if it's necessary

> 8. From the **Authentication mode** dropdown, select **HTTP Header**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. For **Authentication mode** dropdown, select **HTTP Header**.
```

9. In the **Authorization** section, enter the token from <Constant name="dbt" /> into the **Bearer** field.
    <Lightbox src="/img/docs/dbt-cloud/access-control/scim-okta-config.png" width="80%" title="The completed SCIM configuration in the Okta app." />
10. Click **Save** to test the connection and you will be taken to the **Provisioning** tab.
11. Click **Edit** and ensure the following provisioning actions are selected:
    - **Create Users**
    - **Update User Attributes**
    - **Deactivate Users**
    <Lightbox src="/img/docs/dbt-cloud/access-control/provisioning-actions.png" width="70%" title="Ensure the users are properly provisioned with these settings." />

12. Click **Save** to complete the provisioning configuration. 

> 13. To complete your group setup, go to the **Push Groups** tab and make sure you push your Okta groups to <Constant name="dbt_platform" />. Doing this will 'push' the groups to <Constant name="dbt_platform" /> so they can appear there and be managed. Once groups are pushed, an admin must go to <Constant name="dbt_platform" /> and assign the [required permissions](/docs/cloud/manage-access/enterprise-permissions) to each group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
13. To complete your group setup, go to **Push Groups** and push your Okta groups to <Constant name="dbt_platform" />. This makes the groups available in <Constant name="dbt_platform" />. Then, an admin must assign the [required permissions](/docs/cloud/manage-access/enterprise-permissions) to each group.
```

Reviewer: Hiya Mirna

Just amended this slightly to explain what the push action does without directly saying this is what it does.

Author: awesome thanks Nat! i'd like to readd that 'so they can appear there and be managed.' so users now the implications of 'pushing' groups to dbt platform
